w-12152587-added description (#2425)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/execution-engine.adoc

</ee:scheduler-pools>
----

The `gracefulShutdownTimeout` parameter specifies the maximum time (in milliseconds) to wait until all tasks in all the artifact thread pools have completed execution when stopping the scheduler service.

> The following table describes the configurable properties and includes the XML attribute for the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the configurable properties and includes the XML attribute for each field.
```

</ee:scheduler-pools>
----

The `gracefulShutdownTimeout` parameter specifies the maximum time (in milliseconds) to wait until all tasks in all the artifact thread pools have completed execution when stopping the scheduler service.

The following table describes the configurable properties and includes the XML attribute for the field.

> [%header,cols="30,70"]

Reviewer 2: duplicate header directives, need to delete the top one

> [%header,cols="30,70"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

[%header, cols="1a,1a,3a"]
|===
| Property Name | XML | Description

| Pool Size | `poolSize` | The number of threads to keep in the pool, even if they are idle.

| Queue Size | `queueSize` | The size of the queue to use for holding tasks before they are executed.

| Core Pool Size | `corePoolSize` | The number of threads to keep in the pool.

| Max Pool Size | `maxPoolSize` | The maximum number of threads to allow in the pool.

> | Keep Alive | `keepAlive` | When the number of threads in the pool is greater than the indicated core pool size, this is the maximum time (in milliseconds) that excess idle threads will wait for new tasks before terminating.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Keep Alive | `keepAlive` | When the number of threads in the pool is greater than the indicated core pool size, this value sets the maximum time (in milliseconds) for excess idle threads to wait for new tasks before terminating.
```
